{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2638
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial-BoldMT;\f1\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;
\f3\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT;\f4\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red11\green76\blue180;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c1961\c38824\c75686;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\qc\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs42\fsmilli21333 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
DATA ANALYSIS AND VISUALISATION
\f1\b0\fs32 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2 \cf2 \
This coursework aims to prepare data for analysis, implement, a model and tell a story by visualising the data within the chosen scenario. This is 
\f0\b an
\f2\b0  
\f0\b individual
\f2\b0  coursework. \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f3\b\fs42\fsmilli21333 \cf2 Coursework Specification:
\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \
\'a0\
\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \ul \ulc2 Scenario: 
\f2\b0 \ulnone A topic needs to be chosen by the student and agreed with the workshop tutor; students are allowed to pick any topic they are interested in, and they are required to find their data from any source they want to. \
\'a0\
Some example data sources are:\
\pard\pardeftab720\li960\fi-480\partightenfactor0

\f4 \cf2 \'d8
\f1\fs18\fsmilli9333 \'a0 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.data.gov.uk/"}}{\fldrslt 
\f2\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf3 \ul \ulc3 https://www.data.gov.uk/}}
\f2\fs29\fsmilli14667 \

\f4 \'d8
\f1\fs18\fsmilli9333 \'a0 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://data.london.gov.uk/"}}{\fldrslt 
\f2\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf3 \ul \ulc3 https://data.london.gov.uk/}}
\f2\fs29\fsmilli14667 \

\f4 \'d8
\f1\fs18\fsmilli9333 \'a0 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.ons.gov.uk/"}}{\fldrslt 
\f2\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf3 \ul \ulc3 https://www.ons.gov.uk/}}
\f2\fs29\fsmilli14667 \

\f4 \'d8
\f1\fs18\fsmilli9333 \'a0 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.kaggle.com/"}}{\fldrslt 
\f2\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf3 \ul \ulc3 https://www.kaggle.com/}}
\f2\fs29\fsmilli14667 \

\f4 \'d8
\f1\fs18\fsmilli9333 \'a0 
\f2\fs29\fsmilli14667 \'85\
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf2 \'a0
\f1 \

\f2 Some example topics are: 
\f1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li960\fi-480\qj\partightenfactor0

\f4 \cf2 \'d8
\f1\fs18\fsmilli9333 \'a0 
\f2\fs32 Grouping customers by similarity to avoid customer retention
\f1 \

\f4 \'d8
\f1\fs18\fsmilli9333 \'a0 
\f2\fs32 Finding items to sell together at a local clothing shop
\f1 \

\f4 \'d8
\f1\fs18\fsmilli9333 \'a0 
\f2\fs32 What is the profit trend of a particular product?
\f1 \

\f4 \'d8
\f1\fs18\fsmilli9333 \'a0 
\f2\fs32 Is there a correlation between life expectancy and education level?
\f1 \

\f4 \'d8
\f1\fs18\fsmilli9333 \'a0 
\f2\fs32 \'85 
\f1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \ul Data analysis requirements and marking scheme
\f1\b0 \ulnone :\
\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\li960\fi-480\qj\partightenfactor0

\f2 \cf2 1.
\f1\fs18\fsmilli9333 \'a0\'a0\'a0 
\f2\fs32 Continuous Development :
\f1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li1920\fi-480\qj\partightenfactor0

\f2 \cf2 a.
\f1\fs18\fsmilli9333 \'a0\'a0\'a0 
\f2\fs32 Students need to show their progress to their workshop tutor weekly, it needs to be evidenced clearly. 
\f1 \

\f2 b.
\f1\fs18\fsmilli9333 \'a0\'a0\'a0 
\f2\fs32 A completed Project proposal needs to be shown to the tutor on Week 4.
\f1 \

\f2 c.
\f1\fs18\fsmilli9333 \'a0\'a0\'a0\'a0 
\f2\fs32 Students are advised to follow the Data Analysis Lifecycle steps while progressing on their chosen topic.
\f1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2 \cf2 \'a0
\f1 \

\f2 \'a0
\f1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li960\fi-480\qj\partightenfactor0

\f2 \cf2 2.
\f1\fs18\fsmilli9333 \'a0\'a0\'a0 
\f2\fs32 Academic Journal : 
\f1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li1920\fi-480\qj\partightenfactor0

\f2 \cf2 a.
\f1\fs18\fsmilli9333 \'a0\'a0\'a0 
\f2\fs32 At the end of the analysis, students are required to write an academic journal in IEEE referencing style. The journal should academically tell the story.
\f1 \

\f2 b.
\f1\fs18\fsmilli9333 \'a0\'a0\'a0 
\f2\fs32 Journal should include an introduction, the model(s) used \'96 literature review and methodology, the findings and critical reflection with recommendations.
\f1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li960\partightenfactor0

\f2 \cf2 \'a0
\f1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li960\fi-480\qj\partightenfactor0

\f2 \cf2 3.
\f1\fs18\fsmilli9333 \'a0\'a0\'a0 
\f2\fs32 Presentation: Students will also tell their story with a presentation to their workshop group, presentation should be 
\f0\b no longer than
\f2\b0  10 minutes. All students in the audience will be expected to ask questions and give feedback to the presenter.
\f1 \
}